Chapter 1: Born Anew



The light.

The light emerges from the noise. A sort of moment of clarity in the disorder
that had fogged and filled my brain. A break from the sudden and eternal
monotony of my temporary world of noise.

The sudden painful light had filled my entire vision, even though my eyes were
completely closed. The static-like noise had been completely flushed out.

Suddenly, I found myself on the ground. Seemingly born from the void I was
stuck in.

My joints ached and my muscles cramped as I slowly lifted myself off the
ground. Taking a quick observation of the room I had found myself in and
realising that it is just as boring as the eternal disorder I was subjected to,
something seemed off about my sense of self and my current situation.

Who am I?
Where am I?
Why am I here?
How did I get here?

These questions had clouded my consciousness again, yet I brushed all those
thoughts aside as I sped out the room and stepped onto a bridge which was
stretching into a vast cavernous space with massive walls leading to and from
the bridge.

This architecture. These walls. It was as if it ran off into infinity. Looking
above me yielded the same result, a ceiling covered in various pieces of
logistical equipment such as pipes, ducts, and ventilation.

This bridge was seemingly standing in the middle of an abyss, bridging the
vast alien walls together. What was this place built for? Who was it built
for? I guess there is no point in trying to answer the unanswerable. The
occasional alien glyphs and symbols seemed to line the floor, as if it is
there to assist in navigation.

I walked across the bridge, carefully avoiding the occasional tripping hazard
and exposed wire. As I got to the other side, something had caught my eye. A
sort of odd looking tool laying on the ground, as if it had been abandoned in
a hurry.

I picked it up, and surprisingly it responded to me in English.


"Hello, Operator.
Do you wish to go through the Basic Use Guide?
[Y/N]"

Y:
"Welcome to the ASP Software and Hardware Penetration Testing Utility. This tool is used for investigating security
vulnerabilities in Computer Hardware and Software. If you are not authorized
to use this device then please abandon this device."

-- show player the basic gameplay mechanics

N:
"You can always visit the Basic Use Guide by pressing the (?) button."

ASP HUD:
"18394-11-19 // [insert user's system time] // ASP v2.4"

As soon as I finished the setup and looked up, I saw a.. floating TV? It had a
sticky note attached to it and is seemingly gravitating towards me. Once it
noticed I was looking at it, it made a flutter noise and got even closer. I
reached out and grabbed the note.

"Hello Claire. Use the tool to retrieve your memories. The TV this note is attached to will guide you around. I hope you
find peace."

Huh.. What?



Chapter 2: Memory Retrieval



I walked down the narrow corridor with the floating TV trailing behind me.

"So... who created you?"

The TV emitted a range of beeping noises at various frequencies.

"Uhh.. right."

As soon as I emerged from the hallway that took me through various twists and
turns, I emerged into a massive cylindrical cavern, with a spotlight beaming
on a tall rectangular object sitting on a circular platform in the center. In
between me and the center, the only thing stopping me from falling to my death
was the floor on which I was standing on. The only way to get to the center
was through stopping the turbine blades spinning around the central platform.
I see some sort of console and a port that I think I could plug my ASP into.
Oh well. Here goes nothing I guess.

-- First Puzzle. Upon solving the puzzle, the turbine gradually comes to a
halt, and the shaking TV hiding in the hallway goes back to your side.

Huh, that was easy. I look next to the console, and an opening to the ladder
emerged. I climbed down and stepped onto the massive slippery turbine blade,
and carefully walked towards the center. I stepped onto the platform and
approached yet another console embedded in this massive monolith. I see
another port.

-- Second Puzzle. A cutscene will begin once solving it, and the monolith will
fall down into a deep pit, exposing a ladder into it which leads into a
hallway.

Cutscene: An image appears. Claire is putting flowers on a grave. Mourning a
person who was close.

"Wh-what is this?"



??? WIP ???



Chapter 9: Return to Sender




"I'm not going here to die.. I'm going up here to see if I'm actually alive."

My body seems to be getting weaker. As I approach the large double doors,
another fucking console is blocking my path. I don't think I have much time,
this world I am in is becoming more unstable and the rumbling is growing
louder.

-- ??? Puzzle. The doors will open after being solved, revealing a vacant
control room.

I slowly stepped inside. Red lights littered the control consoles. I peeked at
a couple files on the desk.

[[
"Project AEGIS:

Mission goal: A collective consciousness represented as a single individual to
preserve the essence of humanity. Project AEGIS will conclude once a stable
downlink has been achieved on Earth and will begin to transmit the preserved
data. If the transmission fails, an ablative capsule containing the preserved
data will be jettisoned and dropped onto a landmass on Earth."
]]

[[
"Project AEGIS:

Data Recovery and Guidance Unit: An object to guide and assist the individual known as
CLAIRE whose sole objective is to maintain and repair the simulated reality.
The unit will activate every reboot and is present in every stable backup.

Every instance of the Unit is stored in a protected part of memory which
cannot be changed or altered. This is to prevent a Z-Type Scenario in which
all data is lost, resulting in the failure of the project.

The unit is given a small amount of changeable memory as a scratchpad for its
operations. It can also be used to make minor modifications to the unit which
will persist through stable backups."
]]

[[
"Project AEGIS:

CLAIRE: Codename for a collective consciousness represented as one individual.
Her objective is to maintain and repair Project AEGIS at all costs. If she
does not succeed, the simulated reality will reboot to the last stable backup
state."
]]

"Wh-what the fuck!? I'm not real? Is any of my memories real? Who the fuck am
I?"

The rumbling grows louder, the shaking of the ground becomes unbearable.

"I.. have to.. get out of here. And... to return... Home."

The control panels are screaming of irrecoverable memory corruptions. The air
is becoming harder to breathe, as everything starts to become fuzzy.

The live view of Earth shows what was once a blue marble is now a dying world
on fire. Its oceans are gone, the land is bright crimson red with streaks of
what appears to be lava running across its surface.

Scrambling to find a writing implement, I write a note stating "Hello Claire. Use the tool to retrieve
your memories. The TV this note is attached to will guide you around. I hope
you find peace."

The room starts crumbling and fragmenting all around me. The TV had
disappeared.

"I didn't go up here to die.. I came up here to see if I was truly alive."
"The light... It's fading."
"It's getting dark now.."
"Please.. return me to the void."

-- Major artifacting occurs (post-processing shader) and gets worse. Screen
fades to black. A linux-style kernel panic occurs, with the fatal message
saying "Fatal Memory Corruption.. Reverting to last stable state.."
